1. The console will output 3. Variables declared with the var keyword can be accessed anywhere inside the function it is declared in and its value before line 12 is 3 so the console will log 2. 
2. The console will output 150. Variables declared with the var keyword can be accessed anywhere inside the function it is declared in and the value of discountedPrice before line 13 is 150 (per the for loop), so the console will log 150. 
3.  The console will output 150. Variables declared with the var keyword can be accessed anywhere inside the function it is declared in and the value of discountedPrice before line 14 is 150 (per the for loop), so the console will log 150.
4.  The function will return an array of [50, 100, 150]. All variables are declared with the var keyword so they can be reassigned and used anywhere within the function. The for loop essentially halves and then applies a finalPrice calculation to each item in prices and then pushes the finalPrice to the discounted array which is then returned. 
5.  There will be an error. The variable i is declared with a let keyword inside the scope of the for loop meaning that it cannot be accessed outside the scope of the for loop. 
6.  There will be an error. The variable discountedPrice is declared with a let keyword inside the scope of the for loop meaning that it cannot be accessed outside of the for loop. 
7.  The console will output 150. Because all instances that final price is called is within the same block, the logic will be akin to question 3.
8.  The function will return an array of [50, 100, 150]. There are no let variables that are used outside of the scope of their block. The for loop essentially halves and then applies a finalPrice calculation to each item in prices and then pushes the finalPrice to the discounted array which is then returned. 
9.  There will be an error. The variable i is declared with a let keyword inside the scope of the for loop meaning that it cannot be accessed outside the scope of the for loop. 
10. The console will output 3. The const variable length is not being reassigned anywhere and is only ever accessed in the same block scope it is assigned so there will be no errors and the code will simply print the lenght of prices which is 3. 
11. The function will return an array of [50, 100, 150]. Although you are pushing to the array in the for loop, you are not reassigning the variable so there will be no error. The for loop proceeds as usual with similar logic to the previous code examples. 
12. **A**: student.name **B**: student["Grad Year"] **C**: student.greeting() **D**: student["Favorite Teacher"].name **E**: student.coarseLoad[0]
13. **A**: '32'; 2 maps to its exact string representation and then gets concatenated with '3'. **B**: -1; '3' is converted to its integer representation and then subtracted by 2. **C**: 3; null becomes 0 and is added to 3. **D**: '3null'; null is converted to 'null' and is concatenated to '3'. **E**: 4; true becomes 1 and is added to 3. **F**: 0; false and null are both 0 so they add together to 0. **G**: '3undefined'; undefined converts to 'undefined' and is concatenated to 3. **H**: NaN. undefined is NaN as a number so when subtracted from 3 the result is still NaN. 
14. **A**: true; '2' becomes 2 and 2 > 1. **B**: false; We are comparing two strings so lexographical order is used. **C**: true; '2' becomes 2 and 2 == 2. **D**: false; We are using a strict equality operator so we are comparing without type converting which results in false. **E**: false; true converts to 1 and 1 == 2 is false. **F**: true; Boolean(2) is true and true === true is true. 
15. == is regular equality and === is strict equality. === checks for equality without type conversion while == checks for equality regularly with type conversion. 
16. Coded file.
17. [2, 4, 6]. When modifyArray is called, a new array is first made, then a for loop is run in which the callback function (doSomething) multiplies array[i] by two and then pushes it to the new array. This basically results in a new array that doubles each item of array. This new array is returned. 
18. Coded file. 
19. The console will output 1, then wait 1 second then output 2, then immediately output 3 followed by 4. 
